#summary About projecteuler-solutions

===What is projecteuler-solutions?===

As the name suggests, projecteuler-solutions is a collection of solutions for site Project Euler, which is a collection of math and programming related problems. You can find Project Euler at (<a href="http://projecteuler.net">http://projecteuler.net</a>). This site aims to provide complete and accurate solution listings for Project Euler.

===What is the purpose of this site?===

After you struggle for hours or days on a difficult problem, you may eventually give up (after all, the world would be a strange place if people never gave up on a problem). At this point, you have two options:

  * Without a solution, you leave feeling frustrated and you feel as if all your effort had been for nothing. With no way to check the right answer, you don't know how close you were to the solution, where you had gone wrong, etc. In the end, you have learned nothing, leaving without even the gratification of having figured out the problem.

  * With a solution, you can compare your method with the correct solution, perhaps figure out what you did wrong. Alternatively, you can peek at the solution as a sort of 'hint' -- that is, knowing the solver's general approach, figure out the details of his solution, then code the solution yourself. Either way, you have gained from this problem -- as much as you would have gained had you solved the problem completely independently.

In the end, the purpose of Project Euler isn't to compete for rankings. The main purpose of the activity is to learn and improve yourself in a challenging and fun way. If you need to 'cheat' in order to learn from and enjoy the problems, so be it.

This website does not provide solutions or code for individual problems; rather, it simply provides individual numerical answers to the problems. With the numerical answers, you have access to the official forums, in which you can access dozens of solutions in numerous different programming languages, often using several very different approaches. By unlocking this valuable resource for you, Projecteuler-solutions hopes you will be able to get more out of Project Euler..

===What about cheating?===

Needless to say, it is possible for one to mindlessly copy and paste solutions one by one into Project Euler to gain ranks. Obviously, this is quite pointless, as Project Euler ranks can gain you nothing in the real world. Furthermore, a cheater's account is likely to eventually get deleted. At one point, it was possible to automate this process with a script, but now that a CAPTCHA system has been introduced, the only way to do this would be by doing it manually, which is time-consuming as well.

===An answer is missing / incorrect!===

If you have the answer to a problem whose answer we do not yet have, or notice that an existing answer is incorrect, we would love to hear from you! Probably the easiest way to do this is to post in the <a href="http://eulersolutions.49.forumer.com/">Projecteuler-solutions forums</a>. Due to massive spamming, it is necessary to create an account to post, and new accounts may not start new topics (can only post to existing topics).

All solutions here have been tested manually at least once, but mistakes are not impossible. The most likely cause for an incorrect answer would be a parameter change -- that is, a problem suddenly asks for n=120000 instead of n=100000. In this case, we will fix the answer as soon as we know about it.

===How did I obtain these solutions?===

The earlier solutions (<250) are mostly obtained by careful Google searching. The later solutions are a combination of Googling and collaboration on the Projecteuler-solutions forums.